
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.389171                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                389171400000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               389171400000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 248197                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   248980                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               68935275                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 223264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5645.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1401188945                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1405604139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             78528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           1679232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              1757760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        78528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       163392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            163392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               1227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              26238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 27465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2553                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               201783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              4314891                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 4516673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          201783                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             201783                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            419846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                 419846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            419846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              201783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             4314891                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4936519                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   49                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        778342801                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.BPredUnit.lookups                 98197174                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condPredicted           88413236                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            3785239                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              66015510                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 65664831                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                     0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.usedRAS                     1336                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                 221                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          165881717                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1648798034                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    98197174                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           65666167                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     330411204                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                21674066                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles              264316803                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                  122                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          2684                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 162819499                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                755607                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          778298468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.124294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.146110                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                447887264     57.55%     57.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 74376407      9.56%     67.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 37977630      4.88%     71.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  9084449      1.17%     73.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 28163510      3.62%     76.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 18828809      2.42%     79.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 11510131      1.48%     80.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  3871378      0.50%     81.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                146598890     18.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            778298468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.126162                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        2.118344                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                217730424                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             214714897                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 285147825                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              43019384                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles               17685938                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             1642518992                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles               17685938                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                241679770                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                36912628                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles       51960576                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 303022356                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             127037200                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             1631180439                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               31545211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents              73402475                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.FullRegisterEvents          3147906                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          1360824399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            2755700072                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       2721856567                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups          33843505                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1244770439                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                116053960                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts            2679524                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts        2694715                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 273063750                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            438707438                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           180249753                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         255184370                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         82754827                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 1516941659                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             2635026                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1460769058                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued             54636                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       113641063                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    136677185                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         391355                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     778298468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.876875                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.427909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           147064058     18.90%     18.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           186545303     23.97%     42.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           210910021     27.10%     69.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           130868567     16.81%     86.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            70782478      9.09%     95.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            20278912      2.61%     98.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             7762489      1.00%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             3994514      0.51%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               92126      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       778298468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  113664      7.00%      7.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%      7.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%      7.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                166579     10.26%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                1139492     70.19%     87.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                203791     12.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             867086456     59.36%     59.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     59.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     59.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd             2642669      0.18%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     59.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            419773044     28.74%     88.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           171266889     11.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1460769058                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.876768                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     1623526                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.001111                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         3683829702                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        1624339460                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1444358901                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            17685044                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            9115270                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      8537907                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1453371392                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 9021192                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        215484580                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     36194595                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        55177                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       245195                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     13401611                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         3537                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         56120                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles               17685938                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 1543124                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                135108                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          1613772123                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           4123534                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             438707438                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            180249753                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            2549312                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  88176                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  3284                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         245195                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        2354964                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1564711                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              3919675                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1455222367                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             417054039                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           5546691                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                      94195438                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    587626307                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 89109233                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  170572268                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.869642                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1453822475                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1452896808                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1154316776                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1205166275                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.866654                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.957807                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       124161815                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2243671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           3785239                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    760613141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.958319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.503249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    241688690     31.78%     31.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    276879555     36.40%     68.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     43195229      5.68%     73.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     54904670      7.22%     81.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     19686776      2.59%     83.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     13341139      1.75%     85.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     30448610      4.00%     89.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     10352976      1.36%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     70115496      9.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    760613141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts           1485108088                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1489523282                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      569360985                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     402512843                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                       51356                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   86248928                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                    8452036                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1319476376                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1206914                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              70115496                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   2304117872                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  3245080355                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            1467                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           44333                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1401188945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1405604139                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total            1401188945                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.555487                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.555487                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.800221                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.800221                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               1980525328                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1276196147                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                  16956232                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                 10491758                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               593298094                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                2190883                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    214                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1046.066234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                162817587                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   1362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               119543.015419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    1046.066234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.510775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.510775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    162817587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       162817587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     162817587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        162817587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    162817587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       162817587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1912                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62928500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62928500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62928500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62928500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62928500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62928500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    162819499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    162819499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    162819499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    162819499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    162819499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    162819499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32912.395397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32912.395397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32912.395397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32912.395397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32912.395397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32912.395397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          549                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          549                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44825000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44825000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44825000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44825000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32887.013940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32887.013940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32887.013940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32887.013940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 32887.013940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32887.013940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 457891                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4094.911972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                365599087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 461987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 791.362283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              160490000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    4094.911972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    200622584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       200622584                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    164975184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      164975184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu.data         1319                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total            1319                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     365597768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        365597768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    365597768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       365597768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       900300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        900300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1871632                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1871632                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total             7                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2771932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2771932                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2771932                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2771932                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11940266500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11940266500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  57531211441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  57531211441                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        69000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total        69000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  69471477941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  69471477941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  69471477941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  69471477941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    201522884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201522884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    166846816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    166846816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu.data         1326                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total         1326                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    368369700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    368369700                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    368369700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    368369700                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011218                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011218                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005279                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13262.541930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13262.541930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30738.527361                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30738.527361                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data  9857.142857                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9857.142857                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25062.475537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25062.475537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25062.475537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25062.475537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2250                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       442836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            442836                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       700344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       700344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1609608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1609608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2309952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2309952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2309952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2309952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       199956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       199956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       262024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       262024                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            7                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       461980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       461980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       461980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       461980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    927311500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    927311500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5914391005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5914391005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        47000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        47000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6841702505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6841702505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6841702505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6841702505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001570                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001570                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005279                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  4637.577767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4637.577767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22571.943810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22571.943810                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  6714.285714                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6714.285714                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14809.520986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14809.520986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14809.520986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14809.520986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                  2682                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             22381.194051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  541474                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 24308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                 22.275547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::writebacks 20744.863109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    994.979191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::cpu.data    641.351751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::writebacks     0.633083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.030364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.019573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_percent::total        0.683020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst          136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       195513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         195649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       442836                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       442836                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       240236                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       240236                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       435749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          435885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst          136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       435749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         435885                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         4435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         5662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        21803                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        21803                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        26238                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         27465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        26238                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        27465                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42694000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    151831500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194525500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    842840000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    842840000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42694000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    994671500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1037365500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    994671500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1037365500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       199948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       201311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       442836                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       442836                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       262039                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       262039                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       461987                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       463350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         1363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       461987                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       463350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.900220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.083205                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.083205                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.900220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.900220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34795.436023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34234.836528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34356.322854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38657.065541                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38657.065541                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34795.436023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37909.577712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37770.453304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 34795.436023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 37909.577712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37770.453304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks         2553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total             2553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        21803                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        21803                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        27465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26238                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27465                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38769500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    138429500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177199000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    776754500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    776754500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38769500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    915184000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    953953500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38769500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    915184000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    953953500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.900220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.022181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.083205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.900220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.900220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.056794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 31596.984515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31212.965051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31296.185094                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35626.037701                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35626.037701                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 31596.984515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34880.097568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34733.424358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 31596.984515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34880.097568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34733.424358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
