
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000247                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   246648467                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  246648467                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                1526116                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 347672                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   161.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                 85584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                 85024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                 83876                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                 80921                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                 79699                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                 87892                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                 84658                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                 85643                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               673297                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       432320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5346                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5458                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5415                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5191                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5426                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5284                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5390                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            475102                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  10992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  11251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  10985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  10991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  10966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  11158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  11074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  10988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 88405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            6755                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5346                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5458                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5415                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5191                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5426                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5284                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5390                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                49537                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                346987764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                344717326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                340062929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                328082315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                323127895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                356345211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                343233433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                347226971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              2729783843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        1752777973                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                21674572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                22128660                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                21954323                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                21046147                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                21998920                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                21374550                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                21423202                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                21852964                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total             1926231311                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        1752777973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0               368662336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1               366845986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2               362017251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3               349128462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4               345126816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5               377719761                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6               364656635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7               369079934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             4656015154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2c.replacements                         13761                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                       783.393170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                          148641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                         14595                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         10.184378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks          713.127960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0                  9.028795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1                  9.232836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu2                  8.886797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu3                  8.220590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu4                  8.019568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu5                  9.223605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu6                  8.901601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu7                  8.751418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.696414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0                 0.008817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1                 0.009016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu2                 0.008679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu3                 0.008028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu4                 0.007832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu5                 0.009007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu6                 0.008693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu7                 0.008546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.765032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0                   10550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1                   10636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2                   10602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3                   10831                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4                   10494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5                   10789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6                   10661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7                   10646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                  85209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks           74327                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                74327                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  356                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  351                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  332                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  356                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  355                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  319                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  329                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  315                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2713                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  1919                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1876                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1912                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  1869                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  1927                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  1872                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1860                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1792                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                15027                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    12469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    12512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    12514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    12700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    12421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    12661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    12521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    12438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  100236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   12469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   12512                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   12514                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   12700                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   12421                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   12661                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   12521                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   12438                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 100236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0                   776                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1                   788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2                   764                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3                   734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4                   693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5                   810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6                   788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7                   783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                 6136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               1809                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               1871                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               1852                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               1912                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               1931                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               1910                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               1892                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               1902                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             15079                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4399                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4344                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4229                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4286                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4382                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4394                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4423                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              34643                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   5175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   4974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   5108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   4963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   4979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   5192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   5182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   5206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 40779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  5175                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  4974                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  5108                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  4963                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  4979                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  5192                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  5182                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  5206                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                40779                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0        66915276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1        67095010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2        71963353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3        67802640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4        62502773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5        69794204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6        71972090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7        71352329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      549397675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     52428990                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     52180496                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     51556826                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     53430258                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     54911535                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     54472253                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     52324574                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     51552168                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    422857100                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     245296624                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     234887322                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     237706545                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     232669020                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     238760287                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     246249803                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     240187312                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     245760610                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1921517523                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        312211900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        301982332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        309669898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        300471660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        301263060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        316044007                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        312159402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        317112939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2470915198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       312211900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       301982332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       309669898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       300471660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       301263060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       316044007                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       312159402                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       317112939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2470915198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0               11326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1               11424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2               11366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3               11565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4               11187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5               11599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6               11449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7               11429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total              91345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        74327                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total            74327                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2165                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2222                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2184                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2268                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2286                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2229                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2221                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2217                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17792                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6062                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6256                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6098                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6213                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6254                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6254                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6215                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            49670                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                17644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                17486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                17622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                17663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                17400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                17853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                17703                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                17644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              141015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               17644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               17486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               17622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               17663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               17400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               17853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               17703                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               17644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             141015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0           0.068515                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1           0.068978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2           0.067218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3           0.063467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4           0.061947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5           0.069834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6           0.068827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7           0.068510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.067174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.835566                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.842034                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.847985                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.843034                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.844707                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.856886                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.851869                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.857916                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.847516                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.696265                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.690531                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.694373                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.693506                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.689844                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.700672                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.702590                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.711665                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.697463                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.293301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.284456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.289865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.280983                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.286149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.290819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.292719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.295058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.289182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.293301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.284456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.289865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.280983                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.286149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.290819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.292719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.295058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.289182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 86231.025773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 85145.951777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 94192.870419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 92374.168937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 90191.591631                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 86165.683951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 91335.139594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 91126.856960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89536.778846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 28982.305141                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 27889.094602                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 27838.458963                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 27944.695607                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 28436.838426                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 28519.504188                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 27655.694503                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 27104.189274                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28042.781352                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 55761.905888                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 56112.594840                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 54720.659530                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 55017.502956                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 55707.019832                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 56195.756047                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 54662.565316                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 55564.234682                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55466.256473                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 60330.801932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 60712.169682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 60624.490603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 60542.345356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 60506.740309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 60871.341872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 60239.174450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 60912.973300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60592.834498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 60330.801932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 60712.169682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 60624.490603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 60542.345356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 60506.740309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 60871.341872                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 60239.174450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 60912.973300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60592.834498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            751039                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                      217                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   3461.009217                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks                6755                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                     6755                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                 13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                 14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                 13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                 17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                 16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                 25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                 20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                 25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu0               2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu3               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0               14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2               17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3               12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu4               14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu6               11                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              91                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                  27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                  23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                  30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                  29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                  30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                  34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                  31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                  30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                 27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                 23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                 30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                 29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                 30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                 34                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                 31                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                 30                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               234                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0              763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1              774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2              751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3              717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4              677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5              785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6              768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7              758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          1807                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          1871                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          1852                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          1911                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          1931                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          1910                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          1892                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          1902                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        15076                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4385                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4177                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4327                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4217                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4272                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4373                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4383                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4418                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         34552                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              5148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              4951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              5078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              4934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              4949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              5158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              5151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              5176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            40545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             5148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             4951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             5078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             4934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             4949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             5158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             5151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             5176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           40545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     58870730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     58585309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     63480686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     59975234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     54977009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     60150971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     63201488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     61933736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    481175163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     75210107                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     78015248                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     77004240                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     79811462                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     80566647                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     79563303                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     78963808                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     79283534                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    628418349                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    200402415                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    192724360                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    193590833                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    189833874                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    195179728                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    201870094                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    195807052                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    201165400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1570573756                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    259273145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    251309669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    257071519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    249809108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    250156737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    262021065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    259008540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    263099136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2051748919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    259273145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    251309669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    257071519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    249809108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    250156737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    262021065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    259008540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    263099136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2051748919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    422219130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    432042675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    419593939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    421722054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    422767760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    422714984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    423711086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    417921325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3382692953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    236377012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    240741589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    239322336                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    229099860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    239042372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    232239121                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    232671200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    242872940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1892366430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    658596142                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    672784264                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    658916275                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    650821914                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    661810132                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    654954105                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    656382286                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    660794265                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5275059383                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.067367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.067752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.066074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.061997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.060517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.067678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.067080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.066323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.834642                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.842034                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.847985                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.842593                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.844707                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.856886                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.851869                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.857916                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847347                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.694049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.689047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.691656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.691538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.687591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.699232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.700831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.710861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.695631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.283141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.288163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.279341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.284425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.288915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.290968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.293358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.287523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.283141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.288163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.279341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.284425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.288915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.290968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.293358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.287523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 77156.920052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 75691.613695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 84528.210386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 83647.467225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 81206.807976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 76625.440764                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 82293.604167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 81706.775726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80289.531620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 41621.531267                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 41697.086050                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 41578.963283                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 41764.239665                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 41722.758674                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 41656.179581                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 41735.627907                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 41684.297581                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41683.360905                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 45701.805017                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 46139.420637                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 44740.197134                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 45016.332464                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 45688.138577                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 46162.838783                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 44674.207620                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 45533.137166                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45455.364552                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 50363.858780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 50759.375682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 50624.560654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 50630.139441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 50546.926046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 50798.965684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 50283.156669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 50830.590417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50604.240202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 50363.858780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 50759.375682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 50624.560654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 50630.139441                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 50546.926046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 50798.965684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 50283.156669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 50830.590417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50604.240202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.num_reads                           98266                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53265                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.replacements                    21972                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tagsinuse                  389.500163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.total_refs                      12866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.sampled_refs                    22378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_refs                     0.574940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.occ_blocks::cpu0           389.500163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.occ_percent::cpu0            0.760743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.occ_percent::total           0.760743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1069                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0                9490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total               9490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0               9490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total              9490                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            35688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           35688                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           23099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             58787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            58787                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            58787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           58787                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0   1012085750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1012085750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0    897172564                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    897172564                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   1909258314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1909258314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   1909258314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1909258314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          44109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         24168                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24168                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           68277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          68277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          68277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         68277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.809087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.809087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.955768                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955768                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.861007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.861007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 28359.273425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28359.273425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 38840.320533                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38840.320533                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 32477.559903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32477.559903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 32477.559903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32477.559903                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    171686674                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               52409                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  3275.900590                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total                9624                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        35688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        23099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        58787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        58787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        58787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        58787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    976260004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    976260004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    873984178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873984178                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1850244182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850244182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1850244182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850244182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    721713598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    721713598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    736436829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    736436829                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   1458150427                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1458150427                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.809087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.955768                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955768                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.861007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.861007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 27355.413696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27355.413696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 37836.450842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37836.450842                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 31473.696259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31473.696259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 31473.696259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31473.696259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99239                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53491                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.replacements                    21775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tagsinuse                  388.085808                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.total_refs                      13330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.sampled_refs                    22170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_refs                     0.601263                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.occ_blocks::cpu1           388.085808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.occ_percent::cpu1            0.757980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.occ_percent::total           0.757980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1                9898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total               9898                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1               9898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total              9898                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            35763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           35763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           22917                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          22917                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             58680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            58680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            58680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           58680                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1   1015131417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1015131417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1    886463982                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    886463982                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   1901595399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1901595399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   1901595399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1901595399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          44617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         23961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        23961                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           68578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          68578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          68578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         68578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.801555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.801555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.956429                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.956429                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.855668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.855668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.855668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.855668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 28384.962587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28384.962587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 38681.502029                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38681.502029                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 32406.192894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32406.192894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 32406.192894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32406.192894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    173063141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               53052                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  3262.141691                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9480                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9480                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        35763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        22917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        58680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        58680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        58680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        58680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    979228369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    979228369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    863458324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    863458324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1842686693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1842686693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1842686693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1842686693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    740677115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    740677115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    739780589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    739780589                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   1480457704                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1480457704                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.801555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.801555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.956429                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956429                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.855668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.855668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.855668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 27381.046584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27381.046584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 37677.633373                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37677.633373                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 31402.295382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31402.295382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 31402.295382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31402.295382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.num_reads                           98639                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53360                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.replacements                    21788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tagsinuse                  389.777022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.total_refs                      12892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.sampled_refs                    22192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_refs                     0.580930                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.occ_blocks::cpu2           389.777022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.occ_percent::cpu2            0.761283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.occ_percent::total           0.761283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1037                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1037                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            35792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           35792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           22886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          22886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             58678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            58678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            58678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           58678                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2   1023256428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1023256428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2    895299843                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    895299843                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   1918556271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1918556271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   1918556271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1918556271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          44211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         23923                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        23923                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           68134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          68134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          68134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         68134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.809572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.809572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.956653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.956653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.861215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.861215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 28588.970384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28588.970384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 39119.979158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39119.979158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 32696.347370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32696.347370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 32696.347370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32696.347370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    172516137                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               52707                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  3273.116227                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9481                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        35792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        22886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        58678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        58678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        58678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        58678                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    987321254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    987321254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    872322294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    872322294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1859643548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1859643548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1859643548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1859643548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    722326579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    722326579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    745926521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    745926521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   1468253100                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1468253100                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.809572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.956653                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956653                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.861215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.861215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 27584.970217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27584.970217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 38115.978939                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38115.978939                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 31692.347183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31692.347183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 31692.347183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31692.347183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53214                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.replacements                    22201                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tagsinuse                  390.202631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.total_refs                      13426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.sampled_refs                    22601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_refs                     0.594045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.occ_blocks::cpu3           390.202631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.occ_percent::cpu3            0.762115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.occ_percent::total           0.762115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9859                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           22971                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          22971                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             59226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            59226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            59226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           59226                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3   1029467396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1029467396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3    892890764                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    892890764                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   1922358160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1922358160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   1922358160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1922358160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          45034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         24051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           69085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          69085                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          69085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         69085                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.805058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.955095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.857292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.857292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.857292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.857292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 28395.184002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28395.184002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 38870.348004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38870.348004                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 32458.011009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32458.011009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 32458.011009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32458.011009                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    173404945                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               53526                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  3239.639521                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total                9609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        22971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        59226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        59226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        59226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        59226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    993072387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    993072387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    869829882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    869829882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1862902269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1862902269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1862902269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1862902269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    723358193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    723358193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    722023340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    722023340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   1445381533                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1445381533                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.805058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.955095                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955095                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.857292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.857292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 27391.322218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27391.322218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 37866.435157                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37866.435157                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 31454.129420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31454.129420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 31454.129420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31454.129420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.num_reads                           98672                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53449                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.replacements                    21899                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tagsinuse                  389.567143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.total_refs                      13162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.sampled_refs                    22307                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_refs                     0.590039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.occ_blocks::cpu4           389.567143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.occ_percent::cpu4            0.760873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.occ_percent::total           0.760873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1086                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4                9602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total               9602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4               9602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total              9602                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            35797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           35797                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           23063                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23063                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             58860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            58860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            58860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           58860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4   1014475710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1014475710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4    905483061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    905483061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   1919958771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1919958771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   1919958771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1919958771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          44313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         24149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24149                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           68462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          68462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          68462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         68462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.807822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.955029                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955029                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.859747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.859747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 28339.685169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28339.685169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 39261.286953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39261.286953                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 32619.075280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32619.075280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 32619.075280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32619.075280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    173090211                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               52926                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  3270.419284                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        35797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        23063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        58860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        58860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        58860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        58860                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    978543547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    978543547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    882330817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    882330817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1860874364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1860874364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1860874364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1860874364                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    726225983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    726225983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    739406150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    739406150                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   1465632133                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1465632133                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.807822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.955029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.859747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.859747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 27335.909350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27335.909350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 38257.417378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38257.417378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 31615.262725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31615.262725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 31615.262725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31615.262725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.num_reads                           98938                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          52979                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.replacements                    22003                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tagsinuse                  389.145531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.total_refs                      13186                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.sampled_refs                    22409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_refs                     0.588424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.occ_blocks::cpu5           389.145531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.occ_percent::cpu5            0.760050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.occ_percent::total           0.760050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1030                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5                9667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total               9667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5               9667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total              9667                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           22950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          22950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             59064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            59064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            59064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           59064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5   1023713867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1023713867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5    899864913                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    899864913                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   1923578780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1923578780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   1923578780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1923578780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          44751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         23980                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        23980                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           68731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          68731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          68731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         68731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.806999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.957048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.957048                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.859350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.859350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 28346.731655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28346.731655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 39209.800131                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39209.800131                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 32567.702492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32567.702492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 32567.702492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32567.702492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    172870705                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               53593                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  3225.620977                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9578                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total                9578                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        22950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        59064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        59064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        59064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        59064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    987460421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    987460421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    876826122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    876826122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1864286543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1864286543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1864286543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1864286543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    726267830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    726267830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    727074165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    727074165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   1453341995                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1453341995                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.806999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.957048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.957048                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.859350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.859350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 27342.870383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27342.870383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 38205.931242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38205.931242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 31563.838260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31563.838260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 31563.838260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31563.838260                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.num_reads                           98714                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53264                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.replacements                    21950                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tagsinuse                  389.196991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.total_refs                      13256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.sampled_refs                    22357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_refs                     0.592924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.occ_blocks::cpu6           389.196991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.occ_percent::cpu6            0.760150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.occ_percent::total           0.760150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6                9790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total               9790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6               9790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total              9790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            35839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           35839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           23075                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23075                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             58914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            58914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            58914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           58914                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6   1020128042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1020128042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6    903798683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    903798683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   1923926725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1923926725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   1923926725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1923926725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          44547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         24157                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24157                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           68704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          68704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          68704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         68704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.804521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.804521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.955210                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955210                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.857505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.857505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.857505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.857505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 28464.188231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28464.188231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 39167.873586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39167.873586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 32656.528584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32656.528584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 32656.528584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32656.528584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    174295545                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               53485                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  3258.774329                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9548                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        35839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        23075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23075                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        58914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        58914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        58914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        58914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    984150696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    984150696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    880635396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    880635396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1864786092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1864786092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1864786092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1864786092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    725723754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    725723754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    729548625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    729548625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   1455272379                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1455272379                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.804521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.955210                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955210                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.857505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.857505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 27460.328023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27460.328023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 38164.047497                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38164.047497                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 31652.681739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31652.681739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 31652.681739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31652.681739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.num_reads                           98633                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53420                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.replacements                    21845                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tagsinuse                  390.265182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.total_refs                      13266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.sampled_refs                    22252                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_refs                     0.596171                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.occ_blocks::cpu7           390.265182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.occ_percent::cpu7            0.762237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.occ_percent::total           0.762237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1118                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1118                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7                9759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total               9759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7               9759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total              9759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            35823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           35823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           22965                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          22965                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             58788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            58788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            58788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           58788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7   1021778024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1021778024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7    908326044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    908326044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   1930104068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1930104068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   1930104068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1930104068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          44464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         24083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24083                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           68547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          68547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          68547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         68547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.805663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.953577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953577                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.857631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.857631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.857631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.857631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 28522.960779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28522.960779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 39552.625474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39552.625474                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 32831.599442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32831.599442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 32831.599442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32831.599442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    173409503                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               52851                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  3281.101644                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9467                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9467                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        35823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        22965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        22965                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        58788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        58788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        58788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        58788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    985813733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    985813733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    885270188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    885270188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1871083921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1871083921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1871083921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1871083921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    719750432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    719750432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    746183664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    746183664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   1465934096                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1465934096                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.805663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.953577                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953577                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.857631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.857631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 27519.016637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27519.016637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 38548.669192                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38548.669192                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 31827.650558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31827.650558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 31827.650558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31827.650558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
