
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.205007                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5205006924000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5205006924000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 143770                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   275863                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6917470976                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 505276                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   752.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   108178578                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     207571464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        35216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker       173936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker        86216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst        870514880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         69689841                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker        49504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker        20312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst        157070368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data         27207776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total           1124848049                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst    870514880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst    157070368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      1027585248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2991104                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.itb.walker           16                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data      48549302                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data      21364054                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          72904476                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker        21742                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker        10777                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst         108814360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data          12175547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker         6188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker         2539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst          19633796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data           4005942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total             144671709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46736                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data          7160367                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data          2936343                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total             10143448                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         33417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker         16564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           167245672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            13389001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          9511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker          3902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst            30176784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             5227231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               216108848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      167245672                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       30176784                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          197422456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       574659                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data            9327423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data            4104520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               14006605                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       581425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker        33417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker        16567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          167245672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           22716424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker         9511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker         3902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           30176784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            9331751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              230115453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        32768                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           30                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2987008                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          813                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.numCycles                     10410013848                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   93129090                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    179514856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            169447650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     16553172                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   169447650                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          418656867                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         211655789                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     20197632                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   13022518                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7175114                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              9667682114.054142                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              742331733.945857                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.071309                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.928691                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.numCycles                     10407072224                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   15049488                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     28056608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             27537877                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1864532                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    27537877                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           71380294                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          31003707                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      6975131                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    4014934                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2960197                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              10279839396.425842                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              127232827.574158                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.012226                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.987774                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
