
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.006104                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     6103915                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                    6103915                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                  78453                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 374396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    77.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l2_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99027                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53493                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           98254                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          52787                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99047                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53306                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           98414                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53420                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53741                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           98111                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53002                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99154                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          52587                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99215                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53364                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
