
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.008643                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     8642753                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                    8642753                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                 200801                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 409268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    43.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99336                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53454                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99686                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          53261                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99694                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53721                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           98699                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53080                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          54108                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99065                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53284                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           99678                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53683                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                           98986                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53291                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
