
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.920895                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1920895294000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1920895294000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1271848                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1271848                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            43474553061                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 295012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56195754                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56195754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            850496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24859968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2652352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28362816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       850496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          850496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7404288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7404288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              13289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                443169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          115692                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               115692                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               442760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             12941865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1380789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                14765415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          442760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             442760                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3854603                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3854603                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3854603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              442760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            12941865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1380789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18620018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2c.replacements                        336257                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     65308.063316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         2448454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        401419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                          6.099497                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                    6040304000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        55656.590733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu.inst           4765.137084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu.data           4886.335499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.849252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.072710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.074560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.996522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst              916463                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data              814985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1731448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          835257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               835257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            187565                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               187565                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu.inst               916463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu.data              1002550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1919013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu.inst              916463                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu.data             1002550                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1919013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst             13289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            271966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               285255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data             13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          116861                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             116861                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu.inst              13289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu.data             388827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                402116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu.inst             13289                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu.data            388827                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               402116                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    691205000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  14147611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    14838816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       248000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       248000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   6077413000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   6077413000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    691205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  20225024000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     20916229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    691205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  20225024000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    20916229000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          929752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1086951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2016703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       835257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           835257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        304426                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           304426                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           929752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu.data          1391377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2321129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          929752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu.data         1391377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2321129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst       0.014293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data       0.250210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.141446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383873                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.383873                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.014293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.279455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.173242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst       0.014293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data       0.279455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.173242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52013.319287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52019.778208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52019.477310                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19076.923077                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19076.923077                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52005.485149                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52005.485149                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52013.319287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52015.482464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52015.410976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52013.319287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52015.482464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52015.410976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               74180                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    74180                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       271966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          285255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       116861                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        116861                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         13289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        388827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           402116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          402116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    531734000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10884019000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11415753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       560000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       560000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4675081000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4675081000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    531734000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15559100000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16090834000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    531734000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15559100000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16090834000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1331550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1331550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1892958000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1892958000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3224508000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3224508000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.173242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40013.093536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40019.778208                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40019.466793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43076.923077                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43076.923077                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40005.485149                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40005.485149                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40013.093536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40015.482464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40015.403515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40013.093536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40015.482464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40015.403515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                     41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                     1.347775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                     41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                             0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle              1754498131000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide       1.347775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.occ_percent::tsunami.ide      0.084236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.occ_percent::total            0.084236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     20672998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20672998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11448538806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11448538806                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11469211804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11469211804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  11469211804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11469211804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 119497.098266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119497.098266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 275523.171111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 275523.171111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 274876.256537                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 274876.256537                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 274876.256537                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 274876.256537                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     199147000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                24626                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8086.859417                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     11676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   9287684000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9287684000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   9299360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9299360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   9299360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9299360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 67491.329480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67491.329480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 223519.541779                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223519.541779                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 222872.618334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222872.618334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 222872.618334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222872.618334                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9066995                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      10329                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   728856                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6357563                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1142                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          157                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  291931                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15424558                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      11471                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           367                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1020787                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4975749                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5006                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4980755                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       3841790588                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    56195754                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      56195754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              52066962                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 324393                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1483816                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6469707                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     52066962                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        324393                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            71340235                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           38530699                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               163609                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              166486                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      15477180                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     9103852                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6373328                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               3586858626.998133                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               254931961.001867                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.066358                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.933642                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6376                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     212106                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74929     40.88%     40.88% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     40.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1936      1.06%     42.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  106288     57.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               183284                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73562     49.31%     49.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1936      1.30%     50.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73562     49.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                149191                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1860148981000     96.84%     96.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21               104328000      0.01%     96.84% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               779009000      0.04%     96.88% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             59862143000      3.12%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1920894461000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981756                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.692101                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.813988                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4176      2.16%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                176055     91.22%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6837      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5161      2.67%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 193009                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5906                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1739                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2097                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1909                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1739                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   170                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.323231                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.081068                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.391911                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        46683787000      2.43%      2.43% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           5260006000      0.27%      2.70% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1868950661000     97.30%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4177                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu.icache.replacements                 929101                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                508.704776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                 55277821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                 929612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  59.463326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle            36213864000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     508.704776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst      0.993564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total         0.993564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     55277821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        55277821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      55277821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         55277821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     55277821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        55277821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       929772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        929772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       929772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         929772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       929772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        929772                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13856924500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13856924500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13856924500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13856924500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13856924500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13856924500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     56207593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56207593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     56207593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     56207593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     56207593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     56207593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14903.572596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14903.572596                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14903.572596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14903.572596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14903.572596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14903.572596                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       929772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       929772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       929772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11066921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11066921000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11066921000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11066921000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11066921000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11066921000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11902.833168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11902.833168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11902.833168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11902.833168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11902.833168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11902.833168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                1390864                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse                511.979749                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                 14052220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                1391376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                  10.099513                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              101905000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data     511.979749                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data      0.999960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total         0.999960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7816402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7816402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5853491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5853491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       183030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       183030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       199280                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199280                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13669893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13669893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13669893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13669893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1069678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1069678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       304443                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       304443                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        17273                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17273                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1374121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1374121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1374121                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1374121                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  26660570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26660570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9239957000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9239957000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    247721000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    247721000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  35900527000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35900527000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  35900527000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35900527000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      8886080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8886080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6157934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6157934                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       200303                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200303                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       199280                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199280                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15044014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15044014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15044014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15044014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049439                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049439                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086234                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086234                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24923.921030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24923.921030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30350.367721                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30350.367721                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14341.515660                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14341.515660                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 26126.175934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26126.175934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 26126.175934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26126.175934                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            835257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1069678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1069678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       304443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       304443                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17273                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        17273                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1374121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1374121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1374121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1374121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23451491000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23451491000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8326628000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8326628000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    195902000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195902000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31778119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31778119000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31778119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31778119000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1421708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1421708000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2010806000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2010806000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3432514000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3432514000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049439                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049439                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086234                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086234                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21923.878962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21923.878962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27350.367721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27350.367721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11341.515660                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11341.515660                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23126.143185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23126.143185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23126.143185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23126.143185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
