
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.005747                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                     5747338                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                    5747338                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                                  47566                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 409708                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   120.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl4.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl4.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl4.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl4.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl4.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl4.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl4.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl4.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl5.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl5.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl5.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl5.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl5.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl5.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl5.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl5.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl6.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl6.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl6.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl6.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl6.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl6.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl6.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl6.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl7.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl7.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl7.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl7.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl7.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl7.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl7.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl7.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl0.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl0.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl0.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl1.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl1.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl1.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl1.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl1.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl1.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl1.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl1.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl2.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl2.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl2.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl2.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl2.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl2.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl2.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl2.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl3.L1DcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl3.L1IcacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.l1_cntrl3.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.l1_cntrl3.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.l1_cntrl3.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.l1_cntrl3.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.l1_cntrl3.L2cacheMemory.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.l1_cntrl3.L2cacheMemory.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.num_data_array_reads            0                       # number of data array reads
system.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.num_data_array_writes            0                       # number of data array writes
system.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.num_tag_array_reads            0                       # number of tag array reads
system.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.num_tag_array_writes            0                       # number of tag array writes
system.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.num_tag_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by tag array
system.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.num_data_array_stalls            0                       # number of stalls caused by data array
system.cpu0.num_reads                           98701                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          53180                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_reads                           98822                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          52970                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99173                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          53394                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99438                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          53653                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99047                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          53311                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99288                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          53451                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_reads                           98768                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          53052                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          53766                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_copies                              0                       # number of copy accesses completed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
