
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.616879                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2616878893500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2616878893500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  63327                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    81506                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2627232906                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 387740                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   996.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    63077499                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      81184436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    121110528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           397632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4358324                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker         1216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           424512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          5245616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            131538596                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       397632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       424512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          822144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4254848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       3012136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7283984                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15138816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             68171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              6633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             81989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15301853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           753034                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               823766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        46280525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            73                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              151949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1665466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              162221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             2004531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                50265450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         151949                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         162221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             314170                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1625925                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data               6496                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data            1151041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2783462                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1625925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       46280525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           73                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             151949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1671963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             162221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            3155573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               53048913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total           448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           24                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst          147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total              171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           24                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total          171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           24                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst          147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total             171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.l2c.replacements                         72648                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tagsinuse                     53148.103120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                         1925510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.sampled_refs                        137845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.avg_refs                         13.968660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.occ_blocks::writebacks        37769.007236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker       3.653962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker       0.872957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst          4238.981277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu0.data          2955.984743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker      14.025683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst          4027.816705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_blocks::cpu1.data          4137.760558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.occ_percent::writebacks           0.576309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker      0.000056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker      0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.inst            0.064682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu0.data            0.045105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker      0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.inst            0.061460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::cpu1.data            0.063137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_percent::total                0.810976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        34723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         5721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             398866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             166115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        54785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             615111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             202597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1484651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          585034                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               585034                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            1035                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             803                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1838                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           210                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           166                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               376                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            48272                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            58996                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               107268                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         34723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          5721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              398866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              214387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         54785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          6733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              615111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              261593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1591919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        34723                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         5721                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             398866                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             214387                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        54785                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6733                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             615111                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             261593                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1591919                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             6595                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             6354                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                25379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          5710                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          4349                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             10059                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          787                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          589                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1376                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          63248                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          76888                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             140136                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             69561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              6595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             83242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                165515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6086                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            69561                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             6595                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            83242                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               165515                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       469500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       164500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    324649999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    331479497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    350737499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    334001499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1342501494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20494467                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     27361999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     47856466                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1618500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      6981500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      8600000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3367787487                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4076466989                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7444254476                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       469500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       164500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    324649999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3699266984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    350737499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4410468488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      8786755970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       469500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       164500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    324649999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3699266984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    350737499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4410468488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     8786755970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        34732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         5724                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         404952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         172428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        54804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         621706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         208951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1510030                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       585034                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           585034                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6745                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         5152                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           11897                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          997                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          755                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1752                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       111520                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       135884                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           247404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        34732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         5724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          404952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          283948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        54804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          621706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          344835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1757434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        34732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         5724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         404952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         283948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        54804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         621706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         344835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1757434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.036612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.030409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.846553                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.844138                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.845507                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.789368                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.780132                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.785388                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.567145                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.565836                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.566426                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.244978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.241397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.094180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.244978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.241397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.094180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 52166.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 54833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 53343.739566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52507.444480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 52578.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 53182.334951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52565.549103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52898.124197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3589.223643                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  6291.561049                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4757.576896                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2056.543837                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11853.140917                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total         6250                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53247.335679                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53018.247178                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53121.642376                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 52166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 54833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 53343.739566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53180.186944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 52578.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 53182.334951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52983.691982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53087.369544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 52166.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 54833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 53343.739566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53180.186944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 52578.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 53182.334951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52983.691982                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53087.369544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               66482                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    66482                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                74                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5710                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4349                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        10059                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          787                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          589                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1376                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        63248                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        76888                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        140136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           165441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          165441                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    250196499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    253577000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       768500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    270011999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    255801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1030842998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    228550000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    174127500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    402677500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     31488000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     23619500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55107500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2598832997                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3131766991                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5730599988                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       128000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    250196499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2852409997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       768500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    270011999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3387567991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6761442986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       128000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    250196499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2852409997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker       768500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    270011999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3387567991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6761442986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      5530000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  12326566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      2170500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 154699599000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167033865500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1153697499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  31138895772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  32292593271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      5530000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13480263499                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      2170500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 185838494772                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 199326458771                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.846553                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.844138                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.845507                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.789368                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.780132                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.785388                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.567145                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.565836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566426                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.241327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.094138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.241327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 42666.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 41143.972866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40410.677291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 40447.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40985.427899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40410.900474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40736.731792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40026.269702                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40038.514601                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40031.563774                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40010.165184                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40101.018676                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40049.055233                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41089.568002                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40731.544467                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40893.132300                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 42666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 41143.972866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41028.292752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 40447.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40985.427899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40707.154594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40869.210087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 42666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 41143.972866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41028.292752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 40447.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40985.427899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40707.154594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40869.210087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     9084291                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     36586                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5291622                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     6420                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    2157                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                     1431                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   301                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      545                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 9120877                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5298042                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14375913                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          43006                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14418919                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     4432740                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      5766                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1406                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1571                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 4438506                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          4432740                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           5766                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      4438506                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        73427885                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                 6227156                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted           4741082                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            330435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              3793257                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 3054809                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  703344                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect              32160                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          12941361                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      33277959                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6227156                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3758153                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      7819599                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1599392                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     82441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              23494459                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                5895                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        62047                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        92342                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          197                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4430967                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               174323                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2958                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          45648361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.940627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.320252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                37836918     82.89%     82.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  627349      1.37%     84.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  824369      1.81%     86.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  703980      1.54%     87.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  786046      1.72%     89.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  579188      1.27%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  721067      1.58%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  372009      0.81%     93.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3197435      7.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            45648361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.084806                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.453206                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                13430389                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             23511343                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  7018661                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               602696                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1085272                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              979924                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                65913                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              41505511                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               215463                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1085272                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                14040409                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                6748642                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      14460031                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6960379                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2353628                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              40289777                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2418                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                473813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1332712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents              81                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           40678861                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            182059364                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       182024641                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups            34723                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             31700311                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 8978549                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            462421                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        418498                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5663645                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7939186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5895346                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1154000                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1239736                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  38066358                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             944329                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 38270432                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            91181                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6810597                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14485199                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        255192                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     45648361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.838375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.464052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           29755811     65.18%     65.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6343756     13.90%     79.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3236490      7.09%     86.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2520305      5.52%     91.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2106581      4.61%     96.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             935116      2.05%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             513948      1.13%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             183643      0.40%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              52711      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       45648361                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  27042      2.53%      2.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   464      0.04%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      2.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                835512     78.03%     80.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               207702     19.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            52344      0.14%      0.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             22977707     60.04%     60.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               50299      0.13%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 12      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 1      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              9      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           682      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            9      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9565645     24.99%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5623724     14.69%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              38270432                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.521198                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1070720                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.027978                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         123385364                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         45829388                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     35329971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               8465                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              4764                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3918                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              39284390                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   4418                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          323676                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1511954                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3775                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        13508                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       616210                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2149507                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         5450                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1085272                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                4652854                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               126877                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           39130245                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            91852                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7939186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5895346                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            610877                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 49621                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                17387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         13508                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        175421                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130280                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              305701                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             37846246                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9402583                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           424186                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       119558                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14967440                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4996145                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5564857                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.515421                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      37628600                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     35333889                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 18696932                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 35648829                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.481205                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.524475                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6705821                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         689137                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           265687                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     44599494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.717911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.673991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     32451965     72.76%     72.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6077972     13.63%     86.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1948934      4.37%     90.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1034999      2.32%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       805126      1.81%     94.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       506776      1.14%     96.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       402342      0.90%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       201836      0.45%     97.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1169544      2.62%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     44599494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            24278814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              32018477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      11706368                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      6427232                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     234590                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4349138                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      3838                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 28284672                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              500279                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1169544                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    81269635                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   78536158                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         427323                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       27779524                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  5160286096                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   24198072                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     31937735                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             24198072                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.034452                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.034452                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.329549                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.329549                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               176614966                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               35097459                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                     3370                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     922                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               47564974                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                527822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                405114                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse               511.561657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                 3991755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                405626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                  9.840974                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle            7272099000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   511.561657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.999144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      3991755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3991755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      3991755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3991755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      3991755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3991755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       439070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       439070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       439070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        439070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       439070                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       439070                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7078203996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7078203996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7078203996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7078203996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7078203996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7078203996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4430825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4430825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4430825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4430825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4430825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4430825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.099094                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.099094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.099094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.099094                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 16120.900986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16120.900986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 16120.900986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16120.900986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 16120.900986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16120.900986                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1491997                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              170                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8776.452941                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        33429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        33429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        33429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        33429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        33429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        33429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       405641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       405641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       405641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       405641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       405641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       405641                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5425368997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5425368997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5425368997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5425368997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5425368997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5425368997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8328000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8328000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8328000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8328000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.091550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.091550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.091550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13374.804315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13374.804315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13374.804315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13374.804315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13374.804315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13374.804315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                275935                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse               476.765535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                 9559328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                276447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                 34.579243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle              51426000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   476.765535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.931183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.931183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5939119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5939119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3227738                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3227738                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       174834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       174834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       171593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       171593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      9166857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         9166857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      9166857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        9166857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       401304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       401304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1595717                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1595717                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8980                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8980                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7781                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7781                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1997021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1997021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1997021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1997021                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7282608500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7282608500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  71716653343                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  71716653343                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    113510500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    113510500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     89966000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     89966000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  78999261843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  78999261843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  78999261843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  78999261843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6340423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6340423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4823455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4823455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       183814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       183814                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       179374                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       179374                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     11163878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     11163878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     11163878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     11163878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.063293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.330824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.048854                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.048854                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043379                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.043379                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.178882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.178882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.178882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.178882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18147.360854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18147.360854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44943.215710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44943.215710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12640.367483                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12640.367483                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11562.267061                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11562.267061                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39558.553387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39558.553387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39558.553387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39558.553387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      7775987                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1662000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             1508                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             96                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  5156.490053                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 17312.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       256111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           256111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       211639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1464558                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1464558                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          529                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          529                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1676197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1676197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1676197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1676197                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       189665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       189665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       131159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       131159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8451                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8451                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7774                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7774                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       320824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       320824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       320824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       320824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2812273446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2812273446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4676498504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4676498504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     79208005                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79208005                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     65545528                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65545528                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7488771950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7488771950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7488771950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7488771950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13454662000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13454662000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1295219899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1295219899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  14749881899                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14749881899                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.045976                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045976                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.043340                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043340                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14827.582559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14827.582559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35655.185721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35655.185721                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  9372.619217                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9372.619217                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8431.377412                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8431.377412                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23342.305906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23342.305906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 23342.305906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23342.305906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    43437526                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     44897                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    7020721                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    11707                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    2363                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     4220                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   316                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      641                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                43482423                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                7032428                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         50458247                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          56604                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     50514851                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     9182577                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      6227                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1587                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1649                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 9188804                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          9182577                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           6227                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      9188804                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       420121858                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                 9688118                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted           7965440                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect            469703                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups              6737081                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                 5659691                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                  834304                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect              51249                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          22081738                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      71759711                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    9688118                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           6493995                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     15294978                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                4586075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     88967                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              80951772                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                5897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        52783                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       142728                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          134                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  9180482                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               856181                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3761                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         121742103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.711584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.060066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0               106455334     87.44%     87.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  840434      0.69%     88.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 1014558      0.83%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 2075766      1.71%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1622971      1.33%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  608124      0.50%     92.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 2270082      1.86%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  458736      0.38%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 6396098      5.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           121742103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.023060                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.170807                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                23726811                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             80682083                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 13746238                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               564864                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               3022107                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1180909                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred               102849                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              80937245                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               340282                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               3022107                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                25270664                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               33976360                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      42200569                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 12677087                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              4595316                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              74576204                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                20275                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                711120                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              3286160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents           33636                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           79110058                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            343673709                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       343614714                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups            58995                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             50196787                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                28913271                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            480316                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        419400                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  8402630                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            14031046                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            8540774                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1078770                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1484758                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  67259946                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1207834                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 91753969                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           112690                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       18841154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     53684147                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        287920                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    121742103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.753675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.492082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           89993106     73.92%     73.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            9114072      7.49%     81.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4553910      3.74%     85.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4000568      3.29%     88.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           10707495      8.80%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1970764      1.62%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1044074      0.86%     99.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             282783      0.23%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              75331      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      121742103                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  28572      0.36%      0.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   997      0.01%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               7569076     95.94%     96.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               290938      3.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           313802      0.34%      0.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             39340328     42.88%     43.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               61412      0.07%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  6      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 2      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              3      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     43.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1696      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            3      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     43.29% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            44630775     48.64%     91.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7405942      8.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              91753969                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.218398                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    7889583                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.085986                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         313294010                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87318397                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     55594578                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              14739                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              8070                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         6796                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              99322053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   7697                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          360033                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4037305                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4422                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        18147                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1519259                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     31965400                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1049364                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               3022107                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               25590166                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               410250                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           68573370                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           132853                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             14031046                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8540774                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            897358                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 85617                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                14991                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         18147                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        245880                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       172266                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              418146                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             88914677                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             43821187                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          2839292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       105590                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    51148287                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 7278596                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   7327100                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.211640                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      87750200                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     55601374                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 30754041                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 54503523                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.132346                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.564258                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       18816555                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         919914                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           368704                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    118768431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.415231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371949                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    101503583     85.46%     85.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8523872      7.18%     92.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2201888      1.85%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1303888      1.10%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1288434      1.08%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       587085      0.49%     97.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       997227      0.84%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       495127      0.42%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1867327      1.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    118768431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            38949066                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              49316340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      17015256                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      9993741                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     202364                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   6138465                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      6758                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 43706861                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              556456                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1867327                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   183919327                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  139377269                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                        1519096                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      298379755                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  4813097636                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   38879427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     49246701                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total             38879427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                             10.805763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                       10.805763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.092543                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.092543                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               397952991                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               58412580                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                     4851                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                    2298                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               91535746                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                429838                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                621848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse               498.728003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                 8507924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                622360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                 13.670422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle           75775782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   498.728003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.974078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_percent::total        0.974078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      8507924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        8507924                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      8507924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         8507924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      8507924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        8507924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       672506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       672506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       672506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        672506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       672506                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       672506                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  10595189995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10595189995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  10595189995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  10595189995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst  10595189995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  10595189995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      9180430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9180430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      9180430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      9180430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      9180430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      9180430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.073254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.073254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.073254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.073254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15754.788797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15754.788797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15754.788797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15754.788797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15754.788797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15754.788797                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1171995                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              180                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  6511.083333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        50115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        50115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        50115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        50115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        50115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        50115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       622391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       622391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       622391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       622391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       622391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       622391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8107387995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8107387995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8107387995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8107387995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8107387995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8107387995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3209000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3209000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.067795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.067795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.067795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13026.197350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13026.197350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13026.197350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13026.197350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13026.197350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13026.197350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                364389                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse               487.304887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                13108660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                364763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                 35.937472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle           71473892000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   487.304887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.951767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.951767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      8608527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8608527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4253626                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4253626                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       105088                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       105088                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       100770                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       100770                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     12862153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        12862153                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     12862153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       12862153                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       413506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       413506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1597634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1597634                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        14294                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        14294                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data        10915                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10915                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      2011140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       2011140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      2011140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      2011140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8210381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8210381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  66162469729                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  66162469729                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    166851000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    166851000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     95119500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     95119500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  74372850729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74372850729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  74372850729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74372850729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      9022033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9022033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5851260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5851260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       119382                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       119382                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       111685                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       111685                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     14873293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14873293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     14873293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14873293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.273041                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.273041                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.119733                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.119733                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.097730                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.097730                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.135218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.135218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.135218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.135218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19855.530512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19855.530512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 41412.782733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41412.782733                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11672.799776                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11672.799776                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8714.567109                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8714.567109                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36980.444290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36980.444290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36980.444290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36980.444290                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     29857004                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5566500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             6768                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets            168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  4411.495863                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33133.928571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       328923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           328923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       180962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       180962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1434656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1434656                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1453                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1453                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1615618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1615618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1615618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1615618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       232544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       232544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       162978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       162978                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12841                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12841                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10909                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        10909                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       395522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       395522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       395522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       395522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3583215887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3583215887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5542320073                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5542320073                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    104521007                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104521007                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     61064509                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61064509                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9125535960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9125535960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9125535960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9125535960                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 169307109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 169307109000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  40930247169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  40930247169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 210237356169                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 210237356169                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.025775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027853                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027853                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.107562                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107562                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.097677                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097677                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15408.765167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15408.765167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34006.553480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34006.553480                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8139.631415                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8139.631415                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5597.626639                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5597.626639                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23072.132422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23072.132422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23072.132422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23072.132422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tagsinuse                            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.total_refs                           0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.sampled_refs                         0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.avg_refs                           nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1322950372611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1322950372611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1322950372611                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1322950372611                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   43807                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   53930                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
